Or we can do some other things, we can do
max and min, and intersection and union.
I wanna provide a counter
example to monoids and
show that we can't promote a semi
group to a monoid with an identity.
So one example of that
would be interest section.
So if I make intersection and I try to,
let's just copy my little template here.
And I try to say okay, well, I have
the intersection of this and that one,
we'll use like low dash intersection,
right, of this and the other one.
And now how would I provide a value
that said, a starting value to get
the intersection of the list, right?
If I concated that,
if I had an intersection of this list, and
I wanted to concat that with
the intersection of another list.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What would happen is if I
provided an empty list,
nothing would ever intersect with it.
I would always get an empty list back.
If I provided a list of every
possible anything, that might work.
[LAUGH] But I don't know how to do that.
So we're just gonna say that
intersection does not have an empty.
Therefore it is only a semigroup,
it is not a monoid.
And so that's interestingly a union,
we could just give it an empty list and
that'll be identity.
So, union is a monoid,
intersection is not.